awardwinning offshore software development company since 1998
our treasure comprises our people vision values
indianic is not only a globally recognized it company but also a family filled with talented experts that help global brands enterprises midsize businesses or even startups with innovative solutions.
who we are
indianic is not an entity its a family that represents togetherness for over two decades of a successful journey. for indianicians the definition of success is to transcend innovative ideas of people to reality with the help of our tech expertise this is what we as a team want to be remembered for
our vision has led indianic to become a top it company in india usa for delivering various industryled mobility solutions. the goal is to empower clients and businesses by creating new possibilities leveraging the technologies of today and tomorrow with the utmost quality satisfaction and transparency.
what we do
our enthusiasm has led us to become a top it company in india usa for delivering various industryled mobility solutions in web and mobile application development domains leveraging futuristic technologies like internet of things iot aiml arvr voice assistants and voice skills devops cloud computing etc.
we feel empowered with our certified tech experts and our rd team who have always challenged themselves to help global clientele with a plethora of it services and solutions. engagement with our team guarantees our clients to save huge money on project development with faster delivery.
belief of every indianician
clientcentric approach
for any business customers are always at the center. being a leading web and mobile app development company our definition goes beyond our direct customers. we always start from where you are with your ideas and we think from your end customers perspectives their pain areas and devise a solution that solves core problems to benefit your business.
effective collaboration
communication is the key. we tend to overcommunicate at times. although sounds overwhelming but eventually it works wonders for our client business. when our development team collaborates with our clients sitting a thousand miles away its apparent that we stay in touch with platforms and mediums that allow effectiveness transparency and accuracy.
quality delivered in time
with over two decades of experience in the offshore it software development industry we have a great set of internal frameworks with bestinclass infrastructure that enables us to deliver solutions with superior quality at all times. all these years we have learned how to prevent failures and replicate success. we dont just brag about quality. we define and deliver it in time.
weve helped businesses increase their revenue on an average by 90 in their first year with us
0 
satisfied clients across the globe
0 
projects delivered successfully
0 
experts under the same roof
our leaders
sandeep mundra
ceo founder
mihir rawal
director operations
jigar panchal
director global sales
to live life within boundaries to limit your existence by fearing the unexpected to make choices based on needs and not wants that is humanitys biggest failure.
sandeep mundra
ceo
our core values
deliver reliable quality software development services
optimum client satisfaction
its in our dna. our clients are the partners behind the success we have tasted over the decades. this is the reason we keep client satisfaction at the center of our ecosystem. we are not shy of collaboration to sharpen our insights for perfect execution of our offerings. the praise from the clients is music to our ears and wed crave for that. its a hunger in us that never fades.
resultoriented approach
the roots of our success are connected to our vision and execution of it. starting from the recruitment to the quality deliverables we keep our values intact. we hire passionate humans who have that fire burning in them. people who really want to work with us and understand the importance of client expectations to deliver quality results.
integrity in everything
integrity is our core and is at the center of everything we do. for us it is as good as following the law maybe more than that. it is about delivering on our commitments honesty and fairness in business and daytoday living. we are a family that believes in team work with one mantra that is to die with memories not dreams. memories with our peeps memories with our clients.
great place to work
there are a few things that make indianic a family. we love our peeps. indianic is just not about its promises global recognitions or testimonials. with utter respect we embrace the diversity of thought cultures and of people. nothing feels better than getting inspired by the mentors and their success stories. yes indianic is compassionate for its priceless assets the employees. humans work here not robots
hear from those who worked with us
we believe in building lasting relationships
we have connected with amazing clients to enable them with all that the digital revolution has to offer. seeing our clients passionate about their ideas makes us want to deliver exceedingly successful mobile applications and websites. and thats what we strive to do everyday.
we work with
accolades
feathers in our cap
why were here
what do we want to be remembered for
we came such a long way and so much has happened in the past two decades. we built things met so many people created life long friendships learned so much and grew as a whole. looking back it was a bumpy ride. sometimes the days and months seemed endless and hopeless too. but the beautiful destination is worth the struggle of the journey and what a journey it turned out to be
our definition of success changed a long time ago. making a difference in a few lives is a worthy goal but helping people to achieve the things they want to achieve is really what we want to be remembered for.
teamwork is the only way we work
join our team
india
201 dev arc sg road ahmedabad 380015 gujarat india
dubai
604 westburry office towers marasi dr business bay dubai uae
usa
499 n. canon drive suite 215 beverly hills ca 90210 usa
australia
55 queens rd melbourne vic 3004 australia
find out the current openings and apply to join our growing team.
apply now
 join early to grab great benefits