top mobile app development company
we develop mobile apps that help businesses for better operational efficiency and engagement. hire certified mobile app developers from indianic who are experts for delivering excellence in android ios and crossplatform app development services.
we think mobile first.
we ship rich experiences to the small screens which translates into the success of your business ease of operations and engagement of the consumers with our exceptionally deep understanding of user experience and mobile technology. we work with multiple ecosystems in order to create maximum impact to your endusers.
we help you create apps for
enterprise
our collaborative consulting on mobile strategy serves as a catalyst in streamlining it frameworks and processes with the mobile roadmap that is aligned with enterprise scenarios policies and current systems.
business
we map businesss needs and use cases to enable them to quickly respond to the changes. we help your organization mobilize the interdepartment communication workflows and instant information availability.
consumers
our mobile experts help brands businesses and community organizations to build scalable mobile application solutions that are aimed to be used on a daily basis by global consumers multiple times in a day.
ios apps development
indianic is a top ios iphone app development company that boasts a talented pool of expert ios developers. we help our clients with custom applications that work perfectly on the entire ios platform including the latest and the most recent ios versions and ios devices like iphones ipads apple watches apple tv etc. hire ios app developers with years of experience with the latest ios app development technologies to build mobile apps with delightful ux.
iphone app development
ipad app development
apple watch development
apple tv apps
ios app with sirikit
ios app with mlkit
ios app with arkit
ios app testing
develop ios apps
android app development
we are a leading android app development company offering bespoke android mobile app solutions for global brands enterprises and startups. covering the entire spectrum on the android platform we can help you craft niche android apps for smartphones tablets android wear and android tv. hire android app developers from us having expertise to build custom android apps that work on all android devices with the latest android os version compatibility.
android smartphone apps
android tv apps
android tablet apps
chromebook apps
android wear apps
android things apps
firebase integration
android apps with dialogflow
develop android apps
cross platform apps
indianic is a top crossplatform mobile app development company that empowers businesses with a wide array of mobile applications. our crossplatform mobile apps empower clients with multiple benefits and also help to cover a wider audience using devices with different os. our crossplatform developers have proven expertise in building affordable quality and versatile mobile apps with crossplatform technologies and frameworks like xamarin react native phonegap appcelerators titanium and xamarin.
mobile apps driven by cloud
cloud consultancy led by our certified specialists ensures maximum scalability performance and concurrency for your mobile apps web applications and apis. right from the beginning during or discovery phase well help you shape up the cloud strategy with expert cloud consultation to optimize information delivery across different channels with zero downtime. our company works closely with leading providers as amazon web services aws azure rackspace and digitalocean to deliver exceptional performance.
cloud consulting
migrate to cloud
content delivery
managed cloud services
aws cloud services
google cloud services
devops consultation
devops as a service
develop mobile apps
hybrid app development
hybrid applications combine the best of both worlds web and native applications. apps built through our top hybrid mobile app development services reduce the development cost provide easy access to device data work offline and scale to a variety of platforms and os. hire hybrid app developers from indianic who combine the power of javascript html5 and css3 to develop hybrid applications with the latest frameworks such as phonegap appcelerator.
hybrid mobile app development
migration to hybrid frameworks
support maintenance
independent testing
phonegap app development
xamarin app development
responsive web app
hybrid app consultation
develop hybrid apps
progressive web app pwa development
we provide excellence in progressive web applications pwa development services to create apps that ensure seamless performance identical to that of any native mobile app. with an aim to maximize user engagement indianic creates progressive web apps that run faster across all platforms with minimum effort. we integrate unique features such as offline browsing push notification data analysis and easy distribution channels into web apps.
custom pwa development
progressive web app design
application shell architecture
load balancing service
expert pwa consultation
pwa upgrades support
pwa development
industries we have worked with
insurance
healthcare
manufacturing
fmcg
finance banking
education
it telecom
media
legal
retail
government
transportation
we add intelligence to your apps
refer a few use cases on how we use ai ml technologies to empower your app to streamline operations and improve user experience.
recommendation engine
media entertainment shopping
it uses the users history to suggest similar products or services. just like the suggestions while shopping from amazon or watching netflix.
gamified learning education
education
mldriven statistical model is built using students answers which determines their memory cycle and ping them for revisions.
sorted tagged categorized photos
search mobile social
image categorization simplifies the search process. its like searching a restaurant and getting the menu food ambience etc. in results.
predicted health monitoring
healthcare
ml based apps can help doctors to treat patients in advance and save lives by having handson predictions based on their patient data.
chatbots for customer support
travel banking retail
intelligent bots programmed to automate multiple business processes and customer service with instant precise information.
voice powered smart homes
real estate
ai technology has led construction of automated voice homes whereby functioning is controlled by an app with enhanced security.
our work
we strive to deliver the best for every single project. take a look at some of our work.
social media
13step dating app
android ios php
education
almamapper
nodejs angular
ecommerce
mumu
android ios php
service
bodikea
android ios wordpress
ecommerce
doocan
magento
automobile
dyrct
android ios php
related blogs
mobile apps
using ar beacon technology for catalog app development to enhance user experience
mobile apps
how a custom food delivery app helps food businesses
mobile apps
what is kotlin basic of mobile app development using kotlin
more from our blog
faqs
what includes in the pwa upgrades and support service
our pwa upgrades and support service includes maintenance and upgrades to ensure the continued smooth operation of your pwa. we provide timely bug fixes feature upgrades security patches and compatibility updates to make sure your pwa keeps up with the latest technologies and standards.
how long does it take to develop a hybrid mobile app
the development timeline for a hybrid mobile app varies based on the complexity of the app the number of features and the platform requirements. our expert developers can provide a project timeline after analyzing your specific expectations.
how can you make sure my mobile app is secure
at indianic security is a top priority. to guarantee the security of your app and user data we implement industrystandard security methods. to protect your app from any potential security flaws we use strong encryption secure authentication and secure data storage. we also conduct routine security audits to find and address any issues.
loading...
ready to start a project
to start use form below to tell us about you and the project
trusted by
fully satisfied with the quick response time inhouse knowledge communication.
martijn lindeman
ceo follow.travel
indianic was very valuable for our project. by the time we finished indianic was almost a resource in house.
carmelo milian
master capital it solutions
its been a wonderful experience. im surprised how innovative the team is.
ghedalia gold pastor
puzzable game
all projects secured by nda ip is yours
100 secure. zero spam.
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
name
email
mobile phone
select a service
 select
 mobile application development
 web development
 customized open source product
 consulting cloud and devops
 ui ux design
 iot ai ml or wearable
 qa service
 other

 budget
 select
 $10k
 $25k
 $50k
 $100k

 how soon you want to start
 select
 right now
 in few weeks
 in few months
 not sure

 requirement
 select
 hire dedicated team
 new project
 existing project
 support maintenance
 brief about the project
have a file to share
select or drop your file here
only document image or zip file. max size 8mb
get started
india
201 dev arc sg road ahmedabad 380015 gujarat india
dubai
604 westburry office towers marasi dr business bay dubai uae
usa
499 n. canon drive suite 215 beverly hills ca 90210 usa
australia
55 queens rd melbourne vic 3004 australia